=========
CHAPTER 2
=========

“You’re all as brown as a bunch OFstreet cleaners,” he remarked, after salutations had been exchanged. “I don’t believe that sun-tinting will ever wear off, either. Hello, Hannibal, hello!”

He turned and faced the house.

A very dignified colored man, wearing an immaculately clean apron, had opened the door and was standing with a large suit case in his hand.

“Bring it down and chuck it into the car,” commanded Victor.

“An awful lot OFstuff for a short trip,” remarked Tom. “You ought to throw out half.”

“Fade away,” retorted Victor. “There’s another one coming.”

“Mercy!” snickered Tom. “Why don’t you bring a department store along?”

Hannibal made short work OFdepositing the heavy suit cases in the tonneau. Then, grinning broadly, he drew forth a letter and handed it to Charlie Blake.

“It am just come, suh,” he explained.

“The handwriting spells Kirk Talbot’s name as loud as those checks on Victor’s cap, fellows,” cried Blake.

“Kirk Talbot?” queried Tom, interestedly. “We met Kirk often on one OFour trips. Remember, Bob?”

Bob did, and smiled.

“I’m sorry that he and Nat Wingate won’t be back in the school this term,” he remarked. “By the way, Dave, we’ll have to hustle to catch up with our studies.”

“Don’t mention it, Bob. Just think OFhow the doors OFthat school are yawning for us even now.”

“They’ll have to yawn a mighty big, wide yawn for you,” said Victor.

“Go ahead, Charlie, read that letter out loud,” cried Tom.

Blake was soon smiling broadly.

[14]“Kirk has a few interesting knocks to hand out, Bob,” he chuckled. “Just listen:

“‘Dear Charlie:—

“‘Your last effusion is lying on my desk. So you are actually going to meet Bob Somers and his chums! Say, don’t those chaps manage to have the finest time ever, with their aeroplanes, house-boats, automobiles and a dash OFcowboy life in between!

“‘And you are going to motor back to Kingswood with them! That’s great.

“‘But I’ve got a bit OFnews which ought to make Bob Somers sit up and take notice. Nat Wingate and I have formed a football team. Yes, it’s true. There’s a lot OFgood material going to waste here in town. And the high school team has had its own way so long it’s time somebody took them down a peg. And though we really hate to do it those chaps are in for the worst drubbing OFtheir career, and we’re even talking about a ball nine next spring.’”

“Are we going to stay here all day?” grumbled Victor.

[15]“Just a few moments, Vic,” laughed Charlie, resuming:

“‘Now that Nat Wingate has gone those high school chaps are like an army without a general.’”

“Huh!” remarked Tom, frowning slightly.

“‘Now, Charlie, here’s what Nat and I think. Bob Somers and his Rambler crowd may be pretty good at bowling over grizzlies, collecting panther skins, or busting bronchos, but when it comes to either football or baseball——’”

“Well, I like that!” broke in Tom indignantly.

“Prepare yourself for the worst,” laughed Charlie. “Listen to this:

“‘I guess they are simply out OFthe running?’”

“Did you ever, Bob Somers!” cried Tom. “The nerve OFhim!”

“Oh, don’t worry. I guess the high school eleven can take care OFany crowd he brings,” said Bob.

“There are some pretty good baseball players, though, in Kingswood,” said Tom. “I guess it’s up to us to take hold next[16] spring and put a little ginger into our crowd.”

“You haven’t quite the shape for a ball player, Clifton,” remarked Victor, with a critical stare.

“Humph!” sniffed Tom.

“For goodness’ sake, finish that letter, Blake,” continued Victor, with a grin.

“‘I hear that the Kingswood High has a chance to get an athletic field,’” read Charlie. “‘Mr. Rupert Barry owns a large plot OFground which ought to make a dandy ball park. But, so far, it is only a rumor, and maybe a silly one, at that. You would think so if you saw some OFthe playing the K. H. S. has done recently.

“‘Tell Bob Somers what I said. Good-bye and good luck.

“‘Your old chum,
“‘Kirk.’”

“A nice long letter,” drawled Dave.

“Is that all you have to say about it?” demanded Tom.

“Well, Tom,” said Dave, slowly, “your suggestion needs consideration.”

[17]“You haven’t quite the shape for a ball player either, Brandon,” said Victor.

“Goodness—Dave’s turn now!” snickered Tom. “What kind OFa figure must a ball tosser have, anyway?”

“Somers is about right,” answered Victor, calmly. “But a chap that is either all bones or all fat won’t do.”

“We’ll show you some day,” snapped Tom, hotly.

Baseball was a rather sore subject with Charlie Blake. He had tried it the season before, but lack OFconfidence in himself speedily caused him to drop out OFthe game.

Some OFthe boys who were not OFa very considerate nature concluded that Charlie had a yellow streak, and, at this point, Bob Somers earned Blake’s everlasting gratitude by sticking manfully to him.

“Say,” remarked the latter, rather dolefully, “I’m sorry I didn’t make good on the nine last year. I certainly tried hard enough.”

“Maybe you didn’t have the right kind OFa figure,” said Tom, with tremendous sarcasm.

“A nice thing to waste all this time,”[18] grunted Victor. “We ought to be burning up some OFthose country roads.”

“That’s right,” laughed Bob Somers. “Pile in, fellows.”

His eyes sparkled as they ran over the graceful lines OFthe big touring machine. It was finished in a deep, rich red, relieved by touches OFdarker color. Polished lamps, steering gear and levers, in places, shot back the rays OFthe early morning sun.

It was something to feel that they were actually in possession OFsuch a magnificent car—theirs to command, theirs to take them where they willed, and theirs to defy distance, time, and railroads.

Mrs. Collins was looking out OFa second story window.

An instant later, Victor, from his place on the rear cushion, shouted:

“Good-bye, mother!”

“Have you all those warm wraps and the umbrella I told you to take?” she called.

“Yes, mother!”

“And that bottle OFbeef tea, and your raincoat?”

“Yes, mother!”

[19]“And will you be sure to use the cough medicine in case you catch cold?”

“Yes, mother!”

“Well, do be careful, Victor. And don’t fail to send a card home this afternoon.”

Victor promised, his face glowing with anticipation.

“We are going to have a ripping time, mother!” he shouted. “Hooray! Let her whizz, Somers!”